docs(android): Introduce Android ProfilingManager options (#18481)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/android/configuration/options.mdx

</Alert>

<SdkOption name="useProfilingManager" type="bool" defaultValue="false" availableSince="8.45.0">

> When `true`, UI Profiling uses the Android <Link to="https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/ProfilingManager">ProfilingManager</Link> to capture <Link to="https://perfetto.dev/">Perfetto</Link> traces. This is the recommended backend and requires Android 15 (API level 35) or higher. On older devices, profiling won't run and there is no fallback to the legacy profiler. When `false`, the SDK uses the <PlatformLink to="/profiling/legacy">legacy `tracer` backend</PlatformLink>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `true`, UI Profiling uses the Android <Link to="https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/ProfilingManager">ProfilingManager</Link> to capture <Link to="https://perfetto.dev/">Perfetto</Link> traces. This is the preferred profiling implementation and requires Android 15 (API level 35) or higher. On older devices, profiling won't run and there is no fallback to the legacy profiler. When `false`, the SDK uses the <PlatformLink to="/profiling/legacy">legacy `tracer` backend</PlatformLink>.
```

</Alert>

<SdkOption name="enableLegacyProfiling" type="bool" defaultValue="true" availableSince="8.47.0">

On devices running Android 15 (API level 35) or higher, UI Profiling always uses the Android <Link to="https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/ProfilingManager">ProfilingManager</Link> to capture <Link to="https://perfetto.dev/">Perfetto</Link> traces. On older devices, this option controls whether the SDK falls back to the <PlatformLink to="/profiling/legacy">legacy `tracer` backend</PlatformLink>. When `true` (the default), the legacy profiler runs on devices below API level 35. Set it to `false` to disable profiling on those devices entirely.

> This option is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release, when only the ProfilingManager (Perfetto) backend will remain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option will be deprecated in the next major release and will be removed in the one after next, when only the ProfilingManager (Perfetto) backend will remain.
```
We continued the discussion while you were away and turns out there's still quite some usage of the old tracer among our biggest orgs, so we've decided to keep the option in the next major (turn it to `false` by default and deprecate it), and only remove the option and the legacy tracer in the one after. https://sentry.slack.com/archives/C089VFRB8N9/p1781857096845799?thread_ts=1781851862.250829&cid=C089VFRB8N9

Reviewer 3: edit: `major` ;)
